---
pillar-type: podcast # written/channel/podcast
#___: YEAR-MN-DY HH:MM:SS -0700
date: 2020-03-07 20:20:20 -0700
layout: post # default/home/page/post/channel/podcast/written/exit
title: "Test" #page seo
categories: test-post #seo-in-url
permalink: /:categories #url
summary: "the first scriv" #
description: an article #open graph
excerpt: gibberish behind-the-scenes #structured
marquee-words: Behind the Shadow - A Gibberish Podcast #h1
ogimage: "" #
image: "" #
#tags:
#published: false
---
{{ page.date }} {{ post.categories }}

\*Joplin values your privacy and security by giving you complete control over your information and digital footprint.\*

Joplin applications do not send any data to any service without your authorisation. Any data that Joplin saves, such as notes or images, are saved to your own device and you are free to delete this data at any time.

Joplin has many modern features, some of which use third-party services. You can disable any or all of these features in the application settings. These features are:

|Feature | Description | Default|

|--------|-------------|--------|

|Auto-update|Joplin periodically connects to GitHub to check for new releases.|Enabled|

|Geo-location|Joplin saves geo-location information in note properties when you create a note.|Enabled|

|Synchronisation|Joplin supports synchronisation of your notes across multiple devices. If you choose to synchronise with a third-party, such as OneDrive, the notes will be sent to your OneDrive account, in which case the third-party privacy policy applies.|Disabled|

|Schmoopy | has a hard on | Shit On |

Joplin is developed as an open-source application and the source code is freely available online to inspect.

For any question about Joplin privacy, please leave a message on the [Joplin Forum](https://discourse.joplinapp.org/).






\*What's the real story here?\*

  

It's about spreading the secret language of gibberish. That's true. It's more than that though.

  

1. To teach gibberish. It's fun and unique. Many people know how to do it and use it. Others know but haven't done it in years! You know who you are! It allows for a new representation of language and requires closer attention to the person or people you are communicating with. You click on another level. If you've ever played music with someone and get in rhythm and feel like you're riding the same wave, it's like that. Of course, this can happen with normal speech too, but that encompasses casual talking as well, so the feeling is diluted. I want to share the unique experience that is the gibberish language game.

  

2. I have creativity to share. Poetry, short stories, ambient recordings,  podcasts, video, written affirmations, sketches, handwriting, and who knows what else will come, or in which order. Any of it could be here. Finally, it will have a place to call released. I aim to share. Gibberish related content will most likely be on social media platforms because that's where most attention resides. And speaking of...

  

3. This is a study of attention. Mine and yours. Anything we choose to focus on is all there is. It is the currency of our life. I am spending my currency here. The very greatest thing we can do with our attention is share it with someone else, hopefully in meaningful, uplifting ways. Anyone choosing to spend their time reading this has done me a great honor. I learned recently that there is a medium of exchange called a basic attention token. The idea of this is fascinating to me. If I wanted to climb a mountain, I would certainly be willing to exchange for the attention of a skilled rock climber. Can I manifest the attention of an audience for my creativity? That's what I'm here to find out. You're invited.

  

4. I see value in learning the tools I'm using to create. Development of creative expression is available to all humans, in one way or another. I'm trying out some new things and learning about myself along the way. Perhaps someone out there will find value in this journey, I'm trying to take good notes along the way, promise.

  

5. Gibberish can help people express themselves naturally. Sure, it's fun to be candid around others knowing your secrets are secure, but the greatest value lies in being honest with those around you. You want others to be in on it with you, joining the club where the extra level of connection behind the darkest shadows of the secret gibberish language game awaits.